start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = false
critical, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on
start
critical, pump' = pump
highwater, pump' = false
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
critical, pump' = pump
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
critical, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
not_critical, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off, pump' = false
highwater, pump' = false
switch_pump_on, pump' = false
turn_on, pump' = true
low_water, pump' = pump
switch_pump_off, pump' = pump
turn_off
start
